PowerPoint Presentation Generator
This application generates PowerPoint presentations based on a given topic using either the OpenAI GPT-3.5-turbo or Gemini API. The app uses Streamlit for the front-end interface and Python libraries such as pptx for creating and formatting presentations. The user can input a topic, and the app will automatically generate slide titles and content for the topic, then provide a download link for the generated PowerPoint file.

Features
Input: User provides a topic for the presentation.
Generation: The app generates 5 slide titles and detailed content for each slide using either the OpenAI GPT-3.5-turbo or Gemini API.
Output: A fully formatted PowerPoint presentation is generated with the option to download the file.
Customizable Layout: Customize slide layout, font size, and text styling.
Downloadable PPT: Download the generated PowerPoint presentation as a .pptx file.
Prerequisites
Before running this application, make sure you have the following:

API Keys: You need an API key from either OpenAI or Gemini.
For OpenAI, sign up and obtain your API key from OpenAI.
For Gemini, sign up and obtain your API key from Google Gemini.
Python: This application is written in Python 3.x. You can install Python from here.
Libraries: The app uses several Python libraries that can be installed via pip.
Installation
Clone the repository or download the project files.

Install the required dependencies:

bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Set up your environment variables:

For OpenAI: Add the API key in a .env file:
text
Copy code
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
For Gemini: Add the API key in a .env file:
text
Copy code
GEMINI_API_KEY=your_gemini_api_key
Usage
Run the app:
bash
Copy code
streamlit run app.py
Input the topic: After launching the app in the browser, input the topic you want the presentation for.
Click "Generate Presentation": The app will use the chosen API to generate the presentation.
Download: Once the presentation is generated, you can download the PowerPoint file using the provided link.
